Update outdated documentation about crate intialization (#236)
rustls/rustls-platform-verifier: README.md

#### Crate initialization

In order for the crate to call into the JVM, it needs handles from Android. These

> are provided either the `init_with_env`, `init_with_refs` or `init_with_runtime` function. These give `rustls-platform-verifier`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are provided one of the `init_with_env`, `init_with_refs` or `init_with_runtime` functions. These give `rustls-platform-verifier`
```

> are provided one of the `init_with_env`, `init_with_refs` or `init_with_runtime` functions. These give `rustls-platform-verifier`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are provided by one of the `init_with_env`, `init_with_refs` or `init_with_runtime` functions. These give `rustls-platform-verifier`
```
